Here are the recent updates to http://awk.info .

(For all updates to awk.info, subscribe to
http://tinyurl.com/rss4awk. To contribute to awk.info,
see http://awk.info/?contribute .)

----------------------------------------------------------
1) Fun with Awk

1a) http://awk.info/?news/davinci
    - Venkatesan Satish cracks the da Vinci code and
      proves that Leonardo coded in Awk

1b) http://awk.info/?eliza
    - Joseph Wizenbaum's classic "Eliza" program, ported
      to Awk by Juergen Kahrs. The doctor is in!

----------------------------------------------------------
2) http://awk.info/?Ps
   - New section: Arnold Robbins's postscript tricks

2a) http://awk.info/?tools/pschoose
    - how to print selected postscript pages

2b) http://awk.info/?tools/psrev
    - how to print postscript pages in reverse order

-----------------------------------------------------------
3) Essays

http://awk.info/?praise

Ronald Loui's classic essay "In Praise of Scripting: 
Real Programming Pragmatism".

-----------------------------------------------------------
4) New entries for the Awk100
(the Awk100  project collects impressive Awk programs.)

http://awk.info/?awk100/015soccer

This is Ronald Loui's AI programming lab, written in
Awk.  He writes:

"Most people are surprised when I tell them what
language we use in our undergraduate AI programming
class. That's understandable. We use GAWK.

"A repeated observation in this class is that only the
scripting programmers can generate code fast enough to
keep up with the demands of the class. Even though
students were allowed to choose any language they
wanted, and many had to unlearn the Java ways of doing
things in order to benefit from scripting, there were
few who could develop ideas into code effectively and
rapidly without scripting.

"What I have found not only surprising but also hopeful,
is that when I have approached the AI people who still
enjoy programming, some of them are not the least bit
surprised!"

------------------------------------------------------------
5) Bits and Bytes of awk

http://awk.info/?tools/indent

Philip Brown's shell script formatter.
	
----------------------------------------------------------
6) Page of the week

http://awk.info/?awk100

Google Analytics tells us that the "Awk 100" is out
page of the week.  Awk is being used all around the
world for real programming problems, but the news is
not getting out.  The aim of the Awk100 is to create a
database of at least one hundred Awk programs which
will:

  * Identify the tasks that Awk is really being used for
  * Enable analysis of the benefits of the language 
    for practical programming
  * Serve as an information exchange for applications 

----------------------------------------------------------
7) Link Attack

If you like what you are reading at Awk.info, please
help increase its PageRank statistics:

- Link to the site from your own pages 

- Or, where appropriate, add comments at other 
  sites that link to Awk.Info.

But please, no robot storms- reasonable linking only.

--------

Enjoy!
:-)

Tim Menzies

p.s. Awk.info wants to show to the world your great awk
code.  If you want to improve the above, or you have
other code you are particularly proud of (which you can
share), please see http://awk.info/?awk100 or
http://awk.info/?contribute
